Mengmeng
Pardon me?
Didn't you tell dad
Enough. Kids don't lie.
That one came out.
What an animal you are!
So vicious
Even children take advantage of
I don't like dad, hurry up and go
If you don't leave, it will be too late, hahaha.
Did you hear it?
Even your daughter won't help you
Ye Tianci
I will take good care of Ruoxi for you.
And your baby girl.
I really like him a lot.
Hahahaha fuck him
You bastard
Are you crazy?
Very good, you don't even have a chance to roll
Somebody help me!
You deserve it
Kneel down and apologize to the emperor
I can still let you go
Dad, you don't deserve to dream
Dream's mother asked me to apologize to this hypocrite
Dreaming, you have backbone?
That's all you have left, right?
Boy, you live like a dog all your life
Today, my young master
Gotta let you die like a dog
Let me tell you one last thing.
I just beat Mengmeng
Your little whip asked me to whip them
Oh, that's a cool one.
Hey, by the way, it's still the default of Mengmeng's grandmother
That old woman beat me harder than I did
One needle at a time, one needle at a time.
I'm afraid that little guy won't live long, right?
Throw trash up
Hit me to death
You throw the bowl at me
When the master's meeting will be unreasonable
My son, Ye Weixiong, was so humiliated
Damn stealing shit
kill without burial
If you haven't come yet
Forget it, wait a minute
I'll teach these bastards a lesson myself
The eldest lady is here
Stop
I see which of you dares to touch her